In the last two videos, we spoke about Docker and Kubernetes.
Now, at this point time, I don't know if you're taking this course with background knowledge of Docker.
In other words, if you're taking this course, I don't really want to assume that you know about anything
about Docker.
But I'm also kind of assuming that if you're here taking a course about microservices, maybe you know
something about Docker.
I don't know.
The point is, I don't really know what your skill level is.
So to accommodate for that, here's what we're going to do inside this course.
If you do not know anything about Docker or if you just need a quick refresher on it, no problem.
There is appendix section.
So a section of videos.
Towards the end of the course, they're going to walk you through installing Docker and teach you about
some of the basics around Docker as well.
So if you don't know anything about it or if you just need a quick refresher, then stop this video
right now.
Go to that appendix section and find the collection of videos over there that will teach you about the
basics of Docker.
Once you get through all that stuff, come back here and we'll continue on.
Same thing kind of applies to Kubernetes.
I don't really know if you're familiar with Kubernetes as you're taking this course or not.
So we're just going to say that if you don't know anything about Kubernetes, we're going to walk through
some of the basics.
We're going to go through the basics of Kubernetes and the following coming videos rather than going
through it in appendix section, however.
So if you don't know anything about Kubernetes, no problem.
Just stay tuned and we'll go through it together as well.